# MP3-Music-Organizer-In-C

The executable version of the program is named organizer. The makefile ensures this. The organizer program supports the following usage: organizer [musiccollectionpath]. If no argument is given, the organizer program should operate on the current working directory. The MP3 files should follow the neat and logical convention of: "tracknum-artist-year-album-trackname.mp3". The organizer program will scan the music collection and will be responsible for arranging the MP3 files in the collection by album, year, and artist and moving the files into the corresponding folders. The program reorganizes the MP3 files in the path so that they are stored in subdirectories. One subdirectory per artist is created. Inside each artist subdirectory, one subdirectory per year for which there is at least one track for this artist is created. Inside the "year" subdirectory, one subdirectory per album for that year and artist is created. Also the MP3 files will be moved to the correct subdirectory and renamed as "tracknum - trackname.mp3". The program additionally creates one directory per year for which there is at least one track in the collection. That directory will contain symbolic links to all albums released that year for which at least one track exists. The symbolic link is to be the directory containing the album, and is named, "artist - album". The program handles errors, and produces a suitable error message to stderr and stop. Some error-checking include: The number of command line arguments is more than one, an unknown switch is provided, a musiccollectionpath directory doesn't exist, directory musiccollectionpath can't be accessed, and the contents of directory musiccollectionpath can't be accessed.
